data_source/github_repositories: add sort capabilities (#234)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-github: website/docs/d/repositories.html.markdown

* `query` - (Required) Search query. See [documentation for the search syntax](https://help.github.com/articles/understanding-the-search-syntax/).

> * `sort` - (Optional) Sorts query. Valid values include `stars`, `fork`, and `updated`. Defaults to `updated`.

Reviewer: Would this sound better as: 
```suggestion
* `sort` - (Optional) Sorts the repositories returned by the specified attribute. Valid values include `stars`, `fork`, and `updated`. Defaults to `updated`.
```

Author: Agreed. Was having a time with the wording on that.
